Bendu Trump rally before no sir what are
your expectations truth truth at a trump
right
yeah good luck brocco bomb I had big
part of 9/11 which part not being around
always on vacation
never in the office why do you think
Barack Obama wasn't in the Oval Office
on 9/11 dad I don't know would like to
get to the bottom of that you know you
know who's ever citizen yeah if you
don't look at the birth certificate
there's almost no evidence there exactly
so there's nothing Barack Obama could do
to prove that he was born here if there
was maybe witnesses that were attendance
at its birth like his mother would you
listen to father no no she has
motivation to live do you don't trust
Donald Trump's birth certificate either
uh yeah because he's been here forever
how do you know about how do you what's
your proof well his parents and but no
but they they're biased I'm talking
about like people who could be biased
well like I'm just using your logic
against you okay outside of having no
proof what proof do you have
I don't have any gravity pro pinion your
opinion what's your source just Facebook
or Twitter I mean I everything and I
look at like facts and bolt you put it
all together
act like Obama is a Muslim he's a
terrorist nobody will ever tell me
different do I have proof no do I have
articles no but your mind is made up
without any information my mind is made
up
I don't think the media really portrays
all this african-american to support
Donald Trump as paretic so what should
we be portraying where are these
african-americans um when you literally
look out across the four hundred five
hundred people here we don't see any no
wave wave white people yeah it's like a
Dave Matthews concert except Dave
Matthews actually has african-americans
in his band tell me when you see
somebody who is not white Donald Trump
don't even not much a loaf of bread or a
dozen eggs close so you don't you don't
even support Donald Trump no okay so he
didn't work in other words a classic
Trump rally full of misogynistic
t-shirts that bitch minorities getting
kicked the cow and pub supporters like
this reacting to minority protesters
cockaroach ninja you don't even trying
to hide the racism anymore fill in the
blank for me two men getting married is
blank disgusting actually the answer is
legal in the United States it's legal
but I don't like it if you think a gay
couple should have the same rights as I
know I don't I really don't I don't
think it's fair to the gay couple well
no but the ringlet couple they worked so
hard you know I'm a gay couple they want
more do you when you say more do you
mean equal yeah they want equal in there
and that's just too much yeah no I just
the wrong answer sorry hold on Joe Biden
Nicholas Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth
Warren scummy Bernie Sanders Bolshevik
he Buddha judge who and trying to be
politically correct here but you know so
what I said but a judge I thought the
word you were gonna pick was vet
people are paid but that's two words and
I can't see the whole thing on camera
what's the whole thing be Papa Oh it's
homophobic that's why you can't say you
know what maybe president the presidency
is a man's job I have women are
qualified to be President no a female
has more hormones she could start a war
in 10 seconds if she has hot flashes
whatever boom haven't all Wars been
started by men yes I never hear
president I think of man it's a man's
job
what sort of I may be a close-minded
misogynistic no you're voting against
your own interests that's yet thank you
very much
these extreme nations they don't treat
women with respect we treat women with
respect here yes we do that's an
American ideal yeah tell me about your
shirt well what's it say it says Hillary
sucks
but not like Monica hilarious so we were
talking about treating women with
respect
it's an American ideal that we treat
women with respect you got to give me
the back of that shirt one more time
that's too much fun we don't even see
the irony in it I love it
[Applause]
you know what so what if he wants a
grand puppy
I want to grab puppy I wish I could grab
as much yeah well I'd like to grab Al
Queda by two puffs a blankie Doodle
Dandy right up it's a Sky News feei
asked a lot of women here and half of
them would love to have their put
snatched bike by Trump I Got News for
you
that isn't instamate one-man sexual
assault there's another man's of
flirtation you must be quite the charmer
with the latest I used to be you know I
got the rig now one of them landed me
she even squeezed it so I can't get it
off because she sorted I took it off
once it was a little mark there so she's
no dummy oh I think she's a dummy if she
thinks somebody else is gonna do he
didn't do it well I don't I don't talk
like that
well you have any children hi Joe do
they talk like that no they don't
without those boys well no no I do does
he talk like that no about that boy
no is that how you talk well no but I
feel like he says how your dad talks
well no but tell your pastor talks no
not Joe who talks like that well
obviously Donald Trump it was stupid
bragging men talk men brag we brag right
you brag a bit right um not exactly by
know quite a few people that you and
background dab gravel why you can Trump
what is it like Danford my daughter
these things you say people
[Applause]
is there anything Trump could say that
could come on up that would make you not
vote for him
no no matter what he says or does I will
vote for Donald Trump what if he said
the n-word
would you sell out for him um it
wouldn't be right but I would still vote
for him what if he said everybody should
go of little pigs with that would you
still vote for him then I would still
vote for him yeah and in that dream I
was given this vision you had a screen
printing dream your dream told you that
Trump is gonna win and then Ivanka and
then Don jr. and Eric Tiffany is going
to win at 2048 and then Baron great but
Baron only serves one term no that's
only one term that's four years yeah
actually these are mostly one term
president no I'm like 20 foot no this 24
to 28 that's more years and then another
four no no no that's these are one term
presidents Ivanka one term Don jr. one
term Ivanka is 2024 and 2028 that's four
years has her getting elected in 2024
and 2021
let's say it happens tomorrow beats
impeachment Trump can get on to running
the cut exactly why key like he has been
doing for the past three and a half
years now I mean and now with like no
impediments no checks no balances
exactly they need to have like more
restrictions on who can just come up
with articles for impeachment when
nothing's been done it was at Donald
Trump's way going forward only people
that would be in his way or other
Republicans trying to get in office yeah
he's fine he's evolved this presidency
into a dictatorship that we could all
understand exactly yeah
I think the Pietschmann trial itself is
a joke period it's a shit show we think
it's a complete sham he hasn't done
anything wrong
how did we get here with no evidence he
didn't do it he didn't do anything for
well said well is it right he didn't do
anything he didn't do it so we should
let everybody testify correct oh yeah no
no no you think judge Bolton should
testify no why not well he could testify
but I think he's uh
vengeful for getting fired from his job
I think he's a liar jumbled liar
absolutely there should be a system set
up where he takes an oath and then under
oath he tells the truth otherwise he's
punished I think there should be yeah
and maybe there's a judge with put in
charge like the highest judge in the
land right computed by a Republican and
then we can all see what he has to say
would you be for a system like that
sure I've read the transcript for for a
bit not verbatim but I've read the
transcript meaning like I've watched
everybody read it on the news I haven't
seen the trams you know that's not what
reading the transcript means but you
watch people read it right I haven't
personally read the transcript have you
read the transcript no I have the
spoiler alert he asks a foreign country
to interfere in our election it's crazy
right there's no where that word is quid
pro quo my lips are cold
it's it's hard to say right it's even
harder to convince other people that had
happened a new word I just learned yeah
there's no crime that's been there's
still a crime that has been accused
knows what does that mean anything what
what do you mean they've not make an
accusation or brought an actual penal
code
yeah you can tell he hasn't done
anything wrong just by his demeanor I
mean he would be trying to hide things
if you were blocking witnesses or
evidence or something like that you'd be
like oh you're hiding something but
otherwise right okay then let him let
him see everything let him see how prove
whatever you want want me to prove right
but the trunk is blocking witnesses I
don't care oh but we were saying earlier
that if you're blocking something it
shows that you have something to hide
didn't Obama hide his birth certificate
he did and Trump found that thing and I
said he was by an American citizen yeah
I know so so who's got egg on their face
ya know who has egg on their face
well Sheikh why is it bullshit why cause
he didn't do anything it's bullshit it's
bullshit it's total bullshit total
nonsense read the transcript write
everything I have not read it but we
should read the present we should look
at the transcript right yeah look at the
transcript have you read the transcript
I trust the way our president made the
transcript right yeah yeah absolutely
did you read the transcript I I mean
I've read most of it but there's nothing
in the transcript yeah I don't have time
for you know reading all the you know
I'm peach me all that bullshit how long
have you been waiting out here for
Donald Trump since 8 o'clock hours a lot
of free time transcripts me the
transcript yeah did you read the
transcript I don't have to everyone else
I can read it if I need to yeah but it's
important that everybody reads the
transcript it is very important pay
attention and think for yourself yes you
have but to be clear you have not read
the trade I have it all right but an
interesting one
yeah yeah don't be a sheep think for
yourself but again just to be very clear
you have not read I have not read you
just trusted somebody else right okay
what are you sad about don't be a sheep
don't think for yourself do your own
research do oh right right don't be a
sheep it was a message these people who
were being herded through gates and
Corral
- pens - then be guarded over by men on
horses knew all too well these totally
not sheep are ready for 11 more months
of this whatever this is and so am i
campaign 2020 here we go again
[Music]